Add more specific read/write examples in the data node entity page (#246)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/config/data-node-config.md

    To configure a pickle data node, it is equivalent to use the method `Config.configure_pickle_data_node()^` or
    the method `Config.configure_data_node()^` with parameter `storage_type="pickle"`.

# CSV

> A `CSVDataNode^` data node is a specific data node used to model csv file data. To add a new _CSV_ data node

Reviewer: "model csv file data"
->
"model data in a CSV file"

Reviewer: Please use capitals and italics everywhere, or nowhere. Acronyms are usually capitalized.
(See the \_CSV\_ fragment)

-   When the _**exposed_type**_ is given as a parameter, if the _exposed_type_ value provided is `numpy`, the
    data node will read the csv file to a numpy array. If the provided value is a custom class, data node
    will create a list of custom object with the given custom class, each object will represent a row in the csv

>     file. If _exposed_type_ is not provided, the data node will read the csv file as a pandas.DataFrame.

Reviewer: "the data node will read the csv file as a pandas.DataFrame"
->
"the data node will read the CSV file as a \`pandas.DataFrame\`"

    To configure an SQL data node, it is equivalent to use the method `Config.configure_sql_data_node()^` or
    the method `Config.configure_data_node()^` with parameter `storage_type="sql"`.

# JSON

A `JSONDataNode^` is a type of data node used to model JSON

> file data. To add a new _JSON_ data node configuration, the `Config.configure_json_data_node_node()^` method can be used.

Reviewer: Italics for JSON?

Author: The italic is currently consistent across all data node

Reviewer: If it's consistent, I'm a happy man.

In addition to the generic parameters described in

> [Data node configuration](data-node-config.md) section, a mandatory and two optional parameters can be provided.

Reviewer: Replace the final . by a :

I spent two minutes trying to figure out what this sentence meant. Before I looked the rest...

Author: How about a simple
"the following parameters can be provided:"
then we'll specify which parameter is mandatory, which is optional (including the default value as well) when explain each parameter.
What do you guys think @FabienLelaquais @jrobinAV ?

Reviewer 2: Yes, I would add the ':' instead of the '.'
 We can also replace the sentence by "the following parameters can be provided:"
 
Good idea.

Reviewer: Looking good this way, yes!

> - The _**default_path**_ is a mandatory parameter that represents the JSON file path used by Taipy to read and write data.

Reviewer: Remove 'The'

> - The _**encoder**_ and _**decoder**_ parameters are optional parameters that represent the encoder (json.JSONEncoder) and decoder

Reviewer: Maybe a link to the json doc will help?

> (json.JSONDecoder) used to serialize and deserialize JSON data.

Reviewer: same

```python linenums="1"
from taipy import Config

hist_temp_cfg = Config.configure_json_data_node(
    id="historical_temperature",
    default_path="path/hist_temp.json",
)
```

In this example, we configure a JSON data node. The _id_ argument is "historical_temperature". Its _scope_ is
`SCENARIO` (default value), and the path is the file hist_temp.json.

> Without specific _**encoder**_ and _**decoder**_ parameters, `hist_temp_cfg` will use default encoder and decoder provided by Taipy,

Reviewer: \`hist_temp_cfg\` -> \*hist_temp_cfg\*

    def object_hook(self, d):
        if d.get('__type__') == "SaleRow":
            return SaleRow(date=d['date'], nb_sales=d['nb_sales'])
        return d

sales_cfg = Config.configure_json_data_node(id="sale_history",
                                             path="path/sale_history.json",
                                             encoder=SaleRowEncoder,
                                             decoder=SaleRowDecoder)
```

In this next example, we config a `JSONDataNode^` with custom JSON _**encoder**_ and _**decoder**_:

- In lines 4-6, we define a custom class `SaleRow`, representing data in a JSON object.

- In line 8-21, we define custom encoder and decoder for the `SaleRow` class.
    - When [write to JSONDataNode](../entities/data-node-mgt.md#write-data-node), the `SaleRowEncoder` will
    encode a `SaleRow` object to JSON format. For example, after create a scenario,
        ```python
        scenario.sale_history.write(SaleRow("12/24/2018", 1550))
        ```
    will write
        ```json
        {
            "__type__": "SaleRow",
            "date": "12/24/2018",
            "nb_sales": 1550,
        }
        ```

>     to path/sale_history.json.

Reviewer: -> to the file \*path/sale_history.json\*.

>     - When read a JSONDataNode, the `SaleRowDecoder` will decode any JSON object has `"__type__": "SaleRow"` to a `SaleRow` object.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence.
'has'?

Author: Basically, any JSON object in the form of
```json
{"__type__": "SaleRow", ...}
```
will be decoded to a SaleRow python object.

And yes, this is not clear. Let me improvise a new sentence.
How about 'has' -> 'with `"__type__": "SaleRow"` property'?

Reviewer 2: What about the following ?

```suggestion
    - When read a JSONDataNode, the `SaleRowDecoder` is used to convert a JSON object with the attribute `__type__` into a Python object corresponding to the value of the attribute. In this example, the "SaleRow"` data class.
```

Reviewer: Yeah that's more clear. May replace 'When read' to 'When reading'..?

Author: Agree.
```suggestion
    - When reading a JSONDataNode, the `SaleRowDecoder` is used to convert a JSON object with the attribute `__type__` into a Python object corresponding to the value of the attribute. In this example, the "SaleRow"` data class.
```

- In lines 23-26, we create a JSON data node configuration. The _id_ identifier is "sale_history", the
default `SCENARIO` scope is used. The encoder and decoder are the custom encoder and decoder defined above.

!!! Note

    To configure a JSON data node, it is equivalent to use the method `Config.configure_json_data_node()^` or

>     the method `Config.configure_data_node()^` with the `storage_type` argument set to "json".

Reviewer: \`storage_type\` ->\*storage_type\*
